Let's take a look at the jet pack here.
Now I've got it basically roughed out at least the basic shape of it but I think I want to smooth it
like we've done the other pieces maybe add a couple of jet thrusters down here on the bottom and also
in my reference image I have a pipe or two like tubes coming from the pack to the body.
We can take a look at creating those as well.
So not much needs to happen for the jet pack.
Right now I don't think all we need to do is go ahead and add a subdivision surface modifier and I'll
increase the view subdivisions to two.
And in addition you can see the polygon still here.
I'm going to come over to the Tools tab and click the smooth shading button.
So we've got that.
But the question is Is it too smooth now or do the edges need to be tightened up a bit.
And for me I think they do.
So I think what I'm going to do is go back to object mode press the forward slash key on the numpad
so I can see it isolated and perhaps what I need to do is select these faces here.
And I think I will scale them up and that will help tighten up that edge here up at the top and let
me see if I can tighten it up even more.
I'm not sure I would need to but let's try it.
I'm just going to select that engine now and bring this edge a little closer to the side of the pack
here.
Something like that.
So that's tighten that up a bit.
I could always take these edges and move them.
I'm just trying to fit the
form of the pack to the rest of the body here.
And maybe I'll bring these in just a little bit like this and see what happens if I bring them forward
just a hair like this.
Yeah so I've just pulled those edges up and shaped them to the body just a little bit more.
So they conform to it.
It kind of looks like it fits on there.
That's about all I want to do for right now.
There may be more things we put on the back here but right now let's take a look at creating a tube
or two that connects from the pack to the body.
I think the best way to do this would be to create bezique curve and then use the curved tools to extrude
a pipe or a tube along that path.
So to do that I'd go over here to the Create tab and right up here under curve we've got busy.
And if I click that it creates this curve here and let me zoom in to take a look at it.
If I hit tab you can see that it's just two points here and here and on either side of those two points
are these handles.
And we could select one of these handles and hit the key for move and rotate that handle around that
center point as well as shrink it and grow it.
So you can see how as you move the handle it affects the curve of the path.
So you can also then select the center point and move it around like that.
So if I tab back into object mode I can then bring this curve up to the top of the Mac and I'm going
to rotate this like so kind of get it in place to where I want it to be.
I think I want it to be kind of in this area.
And now if I go to Edit mode actually I'm going to go to the side view but with the three key and then
press the five key to go into orthographic view and I may hit the tab key and now I can select the center
of these handles and move them down into place say maybe one is going to be right in here and I can
twisted and turn that handle up to curve it up some and I'll select the center of this handle and move
it down to the pack.
And turn its handle so it curves up like that
so maybe it's going to be a tube that kind of goes from the pack.
Back here.
Like I put it to the side maybe to the front.
Up here maybe a little high but let's try it.
I'm going to go ahead move this down a bit this dance or something like that.
All right.
So now that I've got the rough path in place I'm going to tap back into object mode and there's my path.
I'm going to come over here to the path panel which shows up when you have a path selected.
So I click that and now we've got some settings in here that we can work with.
First of all come down here to the Bevell area under geometry and I'm going to increase the depth so
if I begin increasing this I can click in here and drag as well.
You can see how begins to take on shape.
The problem is it's only half that's only half of a tube.
We need to come up here to the fill pull down and go from a half to full.
And now we've got a full pipe but it's kind of blocky.
We can come back down here to resolution and increase the resolution a bit and begin to get a more rounded
shape.
Now if I hit that Z key we can see the geometry within that pipe.
It isn't a polygon yet it's still a curve.
So ultimately we may want to convert it from a curve to a polygon but not at this point.
And I'll show you why.
The cool thing about this is that if I hit the tab key these handles are still available to me so I
can move these around now and the pipe comes along which is cool.
I think I'd like another one as well and I'm going to so I'm going to select this one press shift D
and click and I'm going to drag it over right next to this one but I don't want it to be exactly the
same so I'll hit tab.
And now I can adjust these handles to get a different kind of curve.
Now if you wanted to add an extra point to this curve you could do that.
You could come in here and select these points here.
And then come down here to curve and under segment's you could choose subdivide and that would add a
point.
So now you have an extra point here an extra handle to move around and change the shape of the curve.
Now in addition you could also extrude this so let me choose the other one here.
Go back to tap tap into edit mode and let's say I've got this one and I want to let me adjust the handles
here.
So let's say I've got this curve this path here.
And what I'd want to do is extend it on down into the body.
Another thing I could do is actually extrude this if I select this handle here I get hit the e key and
click and drag and it will continue to extrude that pipe out so I could create a whole path of pipes
by extruding and pulling out to the desired length.
So let me move this down into the body here.
And I'm going to rotate these handles again so they point down like that and I'll move this down into
the body like that.
So now that I've got these two tubes set up what I'm going to do is create little connection pieces
that they can fit into here at the top of the of the body and on the pack so to do that I'm going to
select one of these points here and I'm going to bring the cursor to that point shift s and cursor to
selected.
And now if I go to object mode I can create a cylinder at that point I'm going to adjust settings here
immediately and take this maybe down to 12.
I can take the radius down to maybe point three and that will reduce the size here.
Take for depth down to maybe point five.
So it's a little more reasonable in the size.
And I'm going to remove the cap.
I don't need any cap on it for this like that.
So now I'm going to begin to scale this down.
And for this all I think I need to do is just create some sort of shape that encompasses the tube here.
And to do that I think I'll just hit extrude and click and then hit s and scale in and I'm going to
extrude again and pull up extrude again and push an maybe extrude again hold down.
And then again and scale and so I've got this kind of shape that can fit around the tube here like that
I'll go ahead and smooth it.
Let's add a subdivision surface modifier to it.
Maybe subdivision of views of two.
I will also smooth it over here in the tools panel or the tools tab.
It's kind of a mess.
So I'm going to insert image image loops here control are and I'll insert an edge loop here.
Maybe two here maybe to hear and maybe to hear and that kind of tightens it up a bit.
So now I'm going to select that pipe and adjust this curve so it actually comes out of the pipe so it
looks like it's coming directly out of that.
Out of that housing there.
All right let's just take this now and move it over to the others shift the duplicate and move it over.
And then to these back here duplicate and move this back here.
Now I need to do a bit of adjusting of the tubes here.
Just to make sure they fit into the housing's.
All right so there we have our tubes connecting the jetpack to the body.
I'll leave them as curves for now.
We may in the end want to convert those to Polygon geometry but for now just in case we need to make
any adjustments I think it's best to leave them as curves.